import { TextSection } from "@/components/TextSection.js"
import { FirstHeader } from "@/components/FirstHeader.js"

export const metadata = {
  title: "Privacy policy",
}

<TextSection>
  <FirstHeader>Privacy Policy</FirstHeader>

## 1\. Data protection at a glance

### General information

The following information provides an easy overview of what happens to your
personal data when you visit this website. Personal data is any data that can
be used to personally identify you. Detailed information on the subject of
data protection can be found in our data protection declaration listed below
this text.

### Data collection on this website

#### Who is responsible for data collection on this website?

Data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. You
can find their contact details in the “Note on the responsible body” section
in this data protection declaration.

#### How do I collect your data?

On the one hand, your data is collected when you provide it to us. This could,
for example, be data that you enter into a contact form.

Other data is collected automatically or with your consent by our IT systems
when you visit the website. This is primarily technical data (e.g. internet
browser, operating system or time of page access). This data is collected
automatically as soon as you enter this website.

#### What do I use your data for?

Some of the data is collected to ensure that the website is provided
error-free.

The contact form data is used to process your request.

#### What rights do you have regarding your data?

You have the right at any time to receive information free of charge about the
origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data. You also have the
right to request the correction or deletion of this data. If you have given
your consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time in
the future. You also have the right to request that the processing of your
personal data be restricted in certain circumstances. You also have the right
to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority.

You can contact us at any time about this or if you have any further questions
about data protection.

## 2\. Hosting

I host the content of our website with the following provider:

### Amazon Web Services (AWS)

The provider is Amazon Web Services EMEA SARL, 38 Avenue John F. Kennedy, 1855
Luxembourg (hereinafter AWS).

When you visit our website, your personal data will be processed on AWS
servers. Personal data may also be transmitted to the parent company of AWS in
the USA. Data transfer to the USA is based on the EU standard contractual
clauses. Details can be found here:
[https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/security/aws-gdpr-data-processing-addendum/](https://aws.amazon.com/de/blogs/security/aws-gdpr-data-processing-addendum/).

For more information, see the AWS privacy policy:
[https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_pr](https://aws.amazon.com/de/privacy/?nc1=f_pr).

The use of AWS is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. I have a legitimate
interest in ensuring that our website is presented as reliably as possible. If
appropriate consent has been requested, processing is carried out exclusively
on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit . a GDPR and § 25 Para. 1 TTDSG, insofar as
the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information on the
user's end device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the
TTDSG. Consent can be revoked at any time.

The company is certified according to the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework”
(DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the USA that is
intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards when
data is processed in the USA. Every DPF certified company undertakes to comply
with these data protection standards. Further information can be obtained from
the provider using the following link:
[https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?contact=true&id=a2zt0000000TOWQAA4&status=Active](https://www.dataprivacyframework.gov/s/participant-search/participant-detail?contact=true&id=a2zt0000000TOWQAA4&status=Active)

#### Order processing

I have concluded an order processing contract for the use of the
above-mentioned service. This is a contract required by data protection law,
which ensures that I only process the personal data of our website visitors
in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.

## 3\. General information and mandatory information

### Data protection

The operators of these sites take the protection of your personal data very
seriously. I treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with
statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.

When you use this website, various personal data is collected. Personal data
is data that can be used to personally identify you. This data protection
declaration explains what data I collect and what I use it for. It also
explains how and for what purpose this happens.

I would like to point out that data transmission over the Internet (e.g. when
communicating via email) can have security gaps. Complete protection of data
from access by third parties is not possible.

### Note on the responsible body

The responsible body for data processing on this website is:

Jonas Aschenbrenner
Aroser Allee 154
13407 Berlin

The responsible body is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with
others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (e.g.
names, email addresses, etc.).

### Storage period

Unless a specific storage period is specified in this data protection
declaration, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for data
processing no longer applies. If you make a legitimate request for deletion or
revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted unless I
have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g.
tax or commercial law retention periods); In the latter case, the deletion
takes place after these reasons no longer apply.

### General information on the legal basis for data processing on this website

If you have consented to data processing, I will process your personal data
on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR or Art. 9 Para. 2 lit. a GDPR, if
special data categories are processed in accordance with Art. 9 Para. 1 GDPR.
In the event of express consent to the transfer of personal data to third
countries, data processing is also carried out on the basis of Art. 49 Para. 1
lit. a GDPR. If you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access
to information on your device (e.g. via device fingerprinting), the data
processing will also be carried out on the basis of § 25 Para. 1 TTDSG.
Consent can be revoked at any time. If your data is necessary to fulfill the
contract or to carry out pre-contractual measures, I process your data on the
basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR. Furthermore, I process your data if it
is necessary to fulfill a legal obligation on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit.
c GDPR. Data processing can also be carried out on the basis of our legitimate
interest in accordance with Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. Information about the
relevant legal bases in each individual case is provided in the following
paragraphs of this data protection declaration.

### Recipients of personal data

As part of our business activities, I work with various external bodies. In
some cases, it is also necessary to transmit personal data to these external
bodies. I only pass on personal data to external bodies if this is necessary
to fulfill a contract, if I are legally obliged to do so (e.g. passing on
data to tax authorities), if I have a legitimate interest in accordance with
Article 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR in the transfer or if another legal basis allows
the data transfer. When using order processors, I only pass on our customers'
personal data on the basis of a valid order processing contract. In the case
of joint processing, a joint processing contract is concluded.

### Revocation of your consent to data processing

Many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent.
You can revoke any consent you have already given at any time. The lawfulness
of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by
the revocation.

### Right to object to data collection in special cases and to direct

advertising (Art. 21 GDPR)

IF THE DATA PROCESSING IS BASED ON ART. 6 ABS. 1 LIT. E OR F GDPR, YOU HAVE
THE RIGHT TO OBJECT TO THE PROCESSING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA AT ANY TIME FOR
REASONS ARISING FROM YOUR PARTICULAR SITUATION; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING
BASED ON THESE TERMS. THE APPLICABLE LEGAL BASIS ON WHICH PROCESSING IS BASED
CAN BE FOUND IN THIS DATA PROTECTION POLICY. IF YOU OBJECT, WE WILL NO LONGER
PROCESS YOUR AFFECTED PERSONAL DATA UNLESS WE CAN PROOF REQUIRED PROTECTABLE
REASONS FOR THE PROCESSING THAT OUTWEIGH YOUR INTERESTS, RIGHTS AND FREEDOM OR
THE PROCESSING IS FOR THE ASSERTMENT, EXERCISE OR DEFENSE IDENTIFICATION OF
LEGAL CLAIMS (OBJECTION PURSUANT TO ART. 21 PARA. 1 GDPR).

IF YOUR PERSONAL DATA IS PROCESSED FOR DIRECT ADVERTISING, YOU HAVE THE RIGHT
TO OBJECT AT ANY TIME TO THE PROCESSING OF PERSONAL DATA CONCERNING YOU FOR
THE PURPOSE OF SUCH ADVERTISING; THIS ALSO APPLIES TO PROFILING TO THE EXTENT
IT IS CONNECTED WITH SUCH DIRECT ADVERTISING. IF YOU OBJECT, YOUR PERSONAL
DATA WILL NO LONGER BE USED FOR THE PURPOSE OF DIRECT ADVERTISING (OBJECTION
PURSUANT TO ART. 21 PARA. 2 GDPR).

### Right to lodge a complaint with the responsible supervisory authority

In the event of violations of the GDPR, those affected have the right to lodge
a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of
their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged
violation. The right to lodge a complaint exists without prejudice to any
other administrative or judicial remedies.

### Right to data portability

You have the right to have data that I process automatically based on your
consent or in fulfillment of a contract handed over to you or to a third party
in a common, machine-readable format. If you request the data to be
transferred directly to another person responsible, this will only be done if
it is technically feasible.

### Information, correction and deletion

Within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right to
free information at any time about your stored personal data, its origin and
recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to
correction or deletion of this data. You can contact us at any time about this
or if you have any further questions on the subject of personal data.

### Right to restriction of processing

You have the right to request that the processing of your personal data be
restricted. You can contact us at any time about this. The right to
restriction of processing exists in the following cases:

- If you dispute the accuracy of the personal data I hold about you, I will
  generally need time to verify this. For the duration of the review, you have
  the right to request that the processing of your personal data be restricted.
- If the processing of your personal data was/is occurring unlawfully, you can
  request that data processing be restricted instead of deletion.
- If I no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend
  or assert legal claims, you have the right to request that the processing of
  your personal data be restricted instead of deletion.
- If you have lodged an objection in accordance with Art. 21 Para. 1 GDPR, a
  balance must be made between your interests and ours. As long as it is not yet
  clear whose interests prevail, you have the right to request that the
  processing of your personal data be restricted.

If you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart
from its storage - may only be used with your consent or to assert, exercise
or defend legal claims or to protect the rights of another natural or legal
person or for reasons of important public interest of the European Union or a
member state.

### SSL or TLS encryption

This site uses SSL or TLS encryption for security reasons and to protect the
transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you
send to us as the site operator. You can recognize an encrypted connection by
the browser address line changing from “http://” to “https://” and by the lock
symbol in your browser line.

If SSL or TLS encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be
read by third parties.

### Objection to advertising emails

The use of contact details published as part of the imprint obligation to send
unsolicited advertising and information materials is hereby objected to. The
operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the
event of unsolicited advertising information being sent, such as spam emails.

## 4\. Data collection on this website

### Cookies

Our websites use so-called “cookies”. Cookies are small data packages and do
not cause any damage to your device. They are stored on your device either
temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently
(persistent cookies). Session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of
your visit. Permanent cookies remain stored on your device until you delete
them yourself or your web browser automatically deletes them.

Cookies can come from us (first-party cookies) or from third-party companies
(so-called third-party cookies). Third-party cookies enable the integration of
certain services from third-party companies within websites (e.g. cookies for
processing payment services).

Cookies have various functions. Numerous cookies are technically necessary
because certain website functions would not work without them (e.g. the
shopping cart function or the display of videos). Other cookies can be used to
evaluate user behavior or for advertising purposes.

Cookies that are necessary to carry out the electronic communication process,
to provide certain functions you want (e.g. for the shopping cart function) or
to optimize the website (e.g. cookies to measure the web audience) (necessary
cookies). stored on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR, unless another
legal basis is stated. The website operator has a legitimate interest in
storing necessary cookies for the technically error-free and optimized
provision of its services. If consent to the storage of cookies and comparable
recognition technologies has been requested, processing is carried out
exclusively on the basis of this consent (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a GDPR and § 25
Para. 1 TTDSG); consent can be revoked at any time.

You can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies
and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies
for certain cases or in general, and activate the automatic deletion of
cookies when you close the browser. If cookies are deactivated, the
functionality of this website may be restricted.

You can find out which cookies and services are used on this website in this
data protection declaration.

### Contact form

If you send us inquiries using the contact form, your details from the inquiry
form, including the contact details you provided there, will be stored by us
in order to process the inquiry and in case of follow-up questions. I will
not pass on this data without your consent.

This data is processed on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. b GDPR, provided
your request is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is necessary to
carry out pre-contractual measures. In all other cases, the processing is
based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the inquiries
addressed to us (Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR) or on your consent (Art. 6 Para.
1 lit. a GDPR) if this was queried; consent can be revoked at any time.

The data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request
us to delete it, revoke your consent to storage or the purpose for data
storage no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed).
Mandatory legal provisions – in particular retention periods – remain
unaffected.

### Tawk.to Live Chat

The provider is tawk.to Inc., 187 East Warm Springs Rd, SB298, Las Vegas, NV, 89119 (hereinafter tawk.to).

After you agree to the use of personal data in the Live Chat Widget, personal data might be processed on the servers of tawk.to. Personal data may also be transferred to the USA. Data transfer to the USA is based on the EU standard contractual clauses. Details can be found here: [https://www.tawk.to/data-protection/dpa-data-processing-addendum/](https://www.tawk.to/data-protection/dpa-data-processing-addendum/).

Further information can be found in the privacy policy of tawk.to: [https://www.tawk.to/privacy-policy/](https://www.tawk.to/privacy-policy/).

The use of tawk.to is based on Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. f GDPR. I have a legitimate interest in the establishment of business relationships. If appropriate consent has been requested, processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of Art. 6 Para. 1 lit. a and § 25 Para. 1 TTDSG, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information on the user's end device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the TTDSG. Consent can be revoked at any time.

The company is certified according to the “EU-US Data Privacy Framework” (DPF). The DPF is an agreement between the European Union and the USA that is intended to ensure compliance with European data protection standards when data is processed in the USA. Every DPF certified company undertakes to comply with these data protection standards. Further information can be obtained from the provider using the following link: [https://www.privacyshield.gov/ps/participant?id=a2zt00000008SblAAE&status=Active](https://www.privacyshield.gov/ps/participant?id=a2zt00000008SblAAE&status=Active)

#### Data processing

I have agreed to the data processing addendum (DPA) for the use of the above-mentioned service. This is a contract required by data protection law, which ensures that I only process the personal data of our website visitors in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the GDPR.

Source: [https://www.e-recht24.de](https://www.e-recht24.de/)

</TextSection>
